Notes and Book Notes on Geopolitics/ International Relations, International Business & Economics

Notes: What are the main aspects of Geopolitics
https://drive.google.com/file/d/1Hwx5lwgpeX1C7nkF3gNwdz1wVO4HyQzq/view?usp=sharing

Notes: The Geopolitics of Switzerland
https://drive.google.com/file/d/1VBafuQh85K4-DrkvT03g7hm6OTa91QnI/view?usp=sharing

Notes: Geopolitics Risk for stock traders
https://drive.google.com/file/d/1nbwwC2nUWnodM956vGN110I9L26AoT14/view?usp=sharing

Notes: How Geopolitics affects Investments:
https://drive.google.com/file/d/1fn3dW1XjP-TSLd-F6VxtqDKqyvkYrQYo/view?usp=sharing

Book: International Relations, Global Edition by Joshua Goldstein and Jon Pevehouse
https://drive.google.com/file/d/1u4ljILUXYy-s8ZCszCp2LtQIQlso192W/view?usp=sharing

Book: Prisoners of Geography by Tim Marshall
https://drive.google.com/file/d/1MzWM6zzzk5fCNIidNE8Zyqe7v2m_EWSu/view?usp=sharing

Book: Power of Geography by Tim Marshall
https://drive.google.com/file/d/1JJktPhZ5mbEMLwRGARakefH88Hj0oQ6d/view?usp=sharing

Book: Revenge of Geography by Robert D. Kaplan
https://drive.google.com/file/d/13HRqDWJ4FHp9KGRDo2DEzo5XypWx0E6Q/view?usp=sharing

Book: The End of the World is Just the Beginning by Peter Zeihan
https://drive.google.com/file/d/1udLJoD7_CenaPRBH_cmCDbs4C1xME01s/view?usp=sharing

Book: Why Nations Fail: The Origins of Power, Prosperity, and Poverty by Daron AcemoÄŸlu
https://drive.google.com/file/d/1vVSHsPg3wPMOLl5Xbuw_G1iyTYGYFT0L/view?usp=sharing

Book: The Accidental Superpower by Peter Zeihan
https://drive.google.com/file/d/1ZMgrd9NSUhPSunqKHBdQMltUYVAEwyXV/view?usp=sharing

Book: Disunited Nations: Succeeding in a World Where No One Gets Along by Peter Zeihan
https://drive.google.com/file/d/1RP0wYmbrZmLjR9Hm4h3WVrSAAzsmOPiZ/view?usp=sharing

Book: The Tragedy of Great Power Politics by John J. Mearsheimer
https://drive.google.com/file/d/1xYASSbzDynV6blQUITmx2e612OOLlinm/view?usp=sharing

Book: The Next 100 Years: A Forecast for the 21st Century by George Friedman
https://drive.google.com/file/d/1mHHitWvJOKY5IPbidVWjY5bXSfp__GU7/view?usp=sharing

Book: Guns, Germs, and Steel: The Fates of Human Societies by Jared Diamond 
https://drive.google.com/file/d/1wbHddTTHalbddLIN4ti53pQsQfgknJ3s/view?usp=sharing

Book: Diplomacy of Henery Kissinger
https://drive.google.com/file/d/1VBafuQh85K4-DrkvT03g7hm6OTa91QnI/view?usp=sharing

Book: World Order by Henry Kissinger
https://drive.google.com/file/d/1R8cuE1sBmxS4GyJqHieioRj7NfYJyXqa/view?usp=sharing


International Business & Economics
Notes: Economic Risk
https://drive.google.com/file/d/1IGYazx7568fYkg8_ZxpxGg0dxbt54MHn/view?usp=sharing

Notes: Macroeconomics & Microeconomics
https://drive.google.com/file/d/11Et1NbohFH1eTXIOFUv9aOaml-HOtfZ1/view?usp=sharing

Notes: Interest Rates
https://drive.google.com/file/d/1bqUkj5-TK9-odTfgXN4thfRwSJn7iDBa/view?usp=sharing

Notes: List of Commodities
https://drive.google.com/file/d/1hsIbNC1bme_Qtv1txCiKTJKlPLCgbzkP/view?usp=sharing

Book: Principles of Macroeconomics (13th Edition) by Karl E. Case, Ray C. Fair, Sharon M. Oster GE
https://drive.google.com/file/d/19t0ZC_ypp_luVYND9eNoSZsa8n7wNUe-/view?usp=sharing

Book: International Business By C.W Hill
https://drive.google.com/file/d/11amuRxNTjLJQ-zG8WD8caEdArSHp8oqY/view?usp=sharing

Book: International Financial Management by Cheol Eun and Bruce Resnick
https://drive.google.com/file/d/1u7hKbvDQTh4kUBiWnT4z-4qGIuj7x0Qj/view?usp=sharing

Investment & Financial Engineering Books List
List: List of Popular Investment Books
https://drive.google.com/file/d/1Jf3o8P5S8604mIirBzlj3FBW8WZ1BEli/view?usp=sharing

List:  List of Textbook Related to Investment/ Finance/ Financial Engineering
https://drive.google.com/file/d/1fn3dW1XjP-TSLd-F6VxtqDKqyvkYrQYo/view?usp=sharing
